Add virtual property to component description (#34)
aica-technology/component-sdk: schema/README.md

should also specify this under the `inherits` property. These core base classes should be identified and treated
distinctly by consumers of the component description.

#### Virtual components

With the inheritance pattern, a base component class can implement common properties and behaviors that derived

> components extend. In some cases, the base class itself might not be intended to be instantiated and used a component

Author: ```suggestion
components extend. In some cases, the base class itself might not be intended to be instantiated or used as a component
```
